Python has become one of the most popular programming languages in the world in recent years. It's used in everything from machine learning to building websites and software testing. It can be used by developers and non-developers alike.
one of the most popular programming languages in the world, has created everything from Netflix's recommendation algorithm to the software that controls self-driving cars. Python is a general-purpose language, which means it's designed to be used in a range of applications, including data science, software and web development, automation, and generally getting stuff done.
it is a computer programming language often used to build websites and software, automate tasks, and conduct data analysis. Python is a general purpose language, meaning it can be used to create a variety of different programs and isn't specialized for any specific problems. This versatility, along with its beginner-friendliness, has made it one of the most-used programming languages today. A survey conducted by industry analyst firm RedMonk found that it was the most popular programming language among developers in 2020
Python is commonly used for developing websites and software, task automation, data analysis, and data visualization. Since it's relatively easy to learn, Python has been adopted by many non-programmers such as accountants and scientists, for a variety of everyday tasks, like organizing finances.
The else statement is not limited to if and try statements. If you add an else block after a for- or while- loop, the statements inside the else block are executed only after the loop completes normally. If the loop raises an exception or reaches a break statement, the code under else does not execute. This can be good for search operations.
In December 1989, Python's creator Guido Van Rossum was looking for a hobby project to keep him occupied in the week around Christmas. He had been thinking of writing a new scripting language that'd be a descendant of ABC and also appeal to Unix hackers. He chose to call it Python.
The language's name isn't about snakes, but about the popular British comedy troupe Monty Python (from the 1970s). Guido himself is a big fan of Monty Python's Flying Circus. Being in a rather irreverent mood, he named the project 'Python'. Isn't it an interesting Python fact?

